WordNet::QueryData perl module
------------------------------

Provides an object-oriented perl interface to the full WordNet system.
This is my second attempt at a perl interface to WN.  This draft
includes full support for all parts of WordNet (nouns, verbs,
adjectives and adverbs) and is very efficient after the initialization
step (where index and morph. exc. files are loaded).  This
initialization step will prove to be annoying if you simply want to
'play' with WordNet.  On my PII/400, it takes about 15 seconds and 16
megs of memory to initialize.  After that, however, things should be
blazingly fast and efficient.  All file access is done with fseek
calls and takes full advantage of the static nature of the WordNet
data.* files.

See the man page ('perldoc WordNet::QueryData' after having run
'make') for information on all that is possible.

PREREQUISITES
-------------

Perl5
WordNet 1.6 (http://www.cogsci.princeton.edu/~wn/obtain/)

Strictly speaking, only the WN 1.6 data files are required (everything
in the 'dict' directory), but you might as well install all of WN 1.6
while you're at it.

BUILD & INSTALL
---------------

To build do:

perl Makefile.PL
make
make test

Before running 'make test', you may need to modify test.pl to indicate
the correct location of the WordNet 'dict' directory.  The default
location is /usr/local/dict.

To install do:

make install

DOCUMENTATION
-------------

The included man page (do 'perldoc WordNet::QueryData' to extract) should
give you a good idea of how to use this module and what it is good
for.

WordNet perl modules can be found at
http://www.ai.mit.edu/~jrennie/WordNet/

COPYRIGHT
---------

Copyright 1999 Jason Rennie <jrennie@ai.mit.edu>  All rights reserved.

This module is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.
